Remove repeated deprecation notices about CONTROL files. (#331)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/maintainers/registries.md

- The version of the port in question; should be exactly the same as the `vcpkg.json` file, including the version fields and `"port-version"`.
- The `"git-tree"` field, which is a git tree; in other words, what you get when you write `git rev-parse COMMIT-ID:path/to/port`.

> The version field for ports with old-style `CONTROL` files is `"version-string"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version field for ports with deprecated `CONTROL` files is `"version-string"`.
```

- The version of the port in question; should be exactly the same as the `vcpkg.json` file, including the version fields and `"port-version"`.
- The `"path"` field: a relative directory, rooted at the base of the registry (in other words, the directory where `versions` is located), to the port directory. It should look something like `"$/path/to/port/dir`"

> The version field for ports with old-style `CONTROL` files is `"version-string"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version field for ports with deprecated `CONTROL` files is `"version-string"`.
```
